fix: runBuild should exit with 1 on unexpected errors (when watch mode is disabled) (#754)
cloudflare/next-on-pages: .changeset/loud-owls-remember.md

---
'@cloudflare/next-on-pages': patch
---

> runBuild should exit with 1 on unexpected errors (when watch mode is disabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exit with exit status 1 on build unexpected errors (when watch mode is disabled)
```
